README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

update: Readme update with project details & schema and model updates

README.md, after:

# YUltimate Management System

## Table of contents

- [Figma Design](#figma-design)
- [API Routes](#api-routes)

## Figma Design

https://www.figma.com/design/BO5DEAwK7QqnFMA6mryEjo/Untitled?node-id=9-63&t=tewx01FlUafv8hQl-1

## API Routes

`/signup` -> For signup of online/general students and coaches
`/signup/:uid` -> Onsite student only signup, can be created by a coach and the approval requests from this link will directly go to the owner coach
`/login` -> For login of already created accounts
`/profile/:id` -> For viewing your own or other's profiles
`/events` -> To display a list of all the ongoing tournaments and other events, can be organized by coaches and will be filtered for students using their location
`/events/:eventId` -> To view the details of a specific event
`/events/:eventId/leaderboard` -> To view the leaderboard for an ongoing tournament
`/events/:eventId/score/` -> For the judges to score & penalize teams/participants during events

## Getting Started

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/yashchaurasia667/yUltimate-management-system.git
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
```

view the website running at http://localhost:3000/
